Fixed error message where running validate and missing the field toVe… (#1213)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog
* Added a validation that layoutscontainer's id and name are matching. Updated the format of layoutcontainer to include update_id too.
* Added a validation that commands' names and arguments in core packs, or scripts' arguments do not contain the word incident.

> * Fixed the error message where running **validate** and missing the field `toVersion` in yml file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed the error message of the **validate** command to not always suggest adding the *description* field.
```
